triggerID	subtitledText	displayDuration
intro1	Hey! Welcome back!	6
intro1a	So, you’re half dead.	6
intro1b	If you look to your left - ah, your other left - Yeah, sure - You’ll see your body. Looks pretty dead, right?	2
intro1c	 But no worries - you’re only half dead. And if you do one little thing for us, as easy as changing a lightbulb, we’ll get you back in your meatsuit in a jiff.	2
intro2	Let’s start by walking around, yeah? See, dying - or half dying - tends to do a number on.. Well.. everything. Your body and mind, yadda yadda. You - You do remember how to walk, right?	6
intro3	Great. Great. Now, how about jumping. There’s a little obstacle in front of you. Jump over that.	6
intro4	Good job! See? You’ve got this. So, this is a hallway - you remember those, right? They’re pretty long.	6
intro5	Now for the fun stuff. Being half dead, you’re made of ghost stuff. We call it “Resin.” Short for “resin-due.” Get it? Well, whatever.	6
intro6	Resin is great for EVERYTHING. Power, mostly, but that’s what got us into this mess. Years ago… Oh, you don’t need a history lesson, you’ll remember when you’re alive again.	6
intro7	Here’re the sparknotes: You’re kinda dead, and a lot of other people are in the same boat, but.. Permanently. We use them for energy. And now you will, too!	6
intro8	See that? That’s the T.O.R.C.H. The Total.. Obliteration.. Resin.. Charge.. H..Thing. I don’t remember what it stands for, but let’s pretend it’s that.	6
intro9	Hit the left trigger to fire the beam, which fires concentrated resin-due. It’s a medium range power beam that can melt baddies. Why don’t you try it out on these test guys?	6
intro10	Good job killing those guys. They were probably jerks.	6
intro11	You probably noticed the resin-due gage dropping when you fired. No worries, though - the T.O.R.C.H. passively refills your resin-due overtime, soaking it up from the environment and, uh, keeping you half-dead instead of full-dead. So don’t lose it.	6
intro12	You can also quickly refill your gauges quickly with canisters. You can find these in the environment if you look around, or they’re sometimes dropped by ghosts. Yellow ones refill your resin-due and red ones are good for your health. Other colors can be used to give your TORCH permanent upgrades, so keep an eye out!	6
intro13	Now, you’re probably thinking that you’re kinda trapped here. But actually - you’re not! See that ledge up there? Yeah? Glad your eyes still work. Your TORCH has two modes: beam and foam. Switch it now.	6
intro14	So that green stuff on the wall - that’s ghost foam. It’s actually just the resin-due, which foams up and hardens into a platform you can stand on. Place it there on the wall below the staircase, and then jump on it and up to the next area.	6
intro15	Ah, there’s a real baddie down there. Careful now. You can either engage him head on, or you can bypass him entirely. Up to you.	6
intro16	Nicely done. Now, here’s the good news: You’re getting close to the end. The end of what? Well, the safe zone, where living people still live.	6
intro17	You’re going into the Haunted Zone - the fun little spot we shove all the ghosts to keep using as an infinite energy source. Problem is, all the walls and gates can only do so much. We really need to get them there, first. For this - there’s the Lighthouse.	6
intro18	The Lighthouse is an ectoplasmically charged, resin-due powered, state of the art piece of equipment, which draws ghosts from all over into the haunted zone, and keeps them there! Or, it did. Now it’s falling apart.	6
intro19	But.. remember that little favor I asked for? Being half-dead, you’ve got your wits about you, AND you can walk around in the Haunted Zone, so.. We need you to go to the Lighthouse, and we need you to change the light bulb. Literally. You can change a light bulb, right?	6
intro20	Okay, well - this is the wall of the haunted zone now, so - good luck! And, uh, try not to die. I’m sick of giving this stupid speech all the time…	6